SERVICE.md, before:

# Service Milestone

## 1. Use Cases

Descriptions of our three use cases can be found in the [Design](DESIGN.md) and [Bot](BOT.md) milestones.  Video demonstrations of the functional CiBot services for each use case can be found in the screencast embedded in the last section of this document.

## 2. Task Tracking

Task tracking for this milestone can be found in the [WORKSHEET](WORKSHEET.md#milestone-service).

## 3. Screencast

Please see the video demonstration below, which runs through each of the three use cases and shows how to use the new `add-token` feature.  Please note that sad paths and errors are almost exclusively handled through communication with the bot, and as such can be seen demonstrated in the [Bot Milestone screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36JPuNsIBA8&list=PLD1SyWmTvl7MCFONNkLbTEOFX16C6J8CO&index=1).

[![CiBot Communication Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CZL-Boh7SS4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZL-Boh7SS4&index=2&list=PLD1SyWmTvl7MCFONNkLbTEOFX16C6J8CO)

Commit message:

Add 'Task Tracking' message for assignees

SERVICE.md, after:

# Service Milestone

## 1. Use Cases

Descriptions of our three use cases can be found in the [Design](DESIGN.md) and [Bot](BOT.md) milestones.  Video demonstrations of the functional CiBot services for each use case can be found in the screencast embedded in the last section of this document.

## 2. Task Tracking

Task tracking for this milestone can be found in the [WORKSHEET](WORKSHEET.md#milestone-service).  For this milestone, we also included an **Assignees** column on the worksheet table to denote who completed work on the respective story, rather than include that information in a separate table here.

## 3. Screencast

Please see the video demonstration below, which runs through each of the three use cases and shows how to use the new `add-token` feature.  Please note that sad paths and errors are almost exclusively handled through communication with the bot, and as such can be seen demonstrated in the [Bot Milestone screencast](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=36JPuNsIBA8&list=PLD1SyWmTvl7MCFONNkLbTEOFX16C6J8CO&index=1).

[![CiBot Communication Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/CZL-Boh7SS4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CZL-Boh7SS4&index=2&list=PLD1SyWmTvl7MCFONNkLbTEOFX16C6J8CO)
